today i'm going to explain a drama music
film called black snake moan this story
features the unlikely matchup of a
wildly promiscuous and erratic young
woman and a beaten down man with nothing
but god and music in his life with these
two strange people meeting while they're
at rock bottom they can either dig
themselves deeper and deeper into their
sordid misery or they can help each
other climb out of the hellhole life's
forced them into spoilers ahead watch
out and take care one thing that people
just love saying is that real change can
only come from the inside and
unfortunately this isn't just another
crappy greeting card quote it's true
people can be at the shining light
amidst the darkness in your life but
it's still on you if you're going to let
the light in or shut the blinds and for
rey her life's been a bleak darkness for
as long as she could remember rey hooks
up with ronnie inside a trailer when
they finish ronnie sits by a table
breathing heavily ray notices this and
checks on him but he rushes to the
bathroom to vomit there rey holds him
telling him that he's gonna be okay
ronnie walks outside to tell his friend
gil that he needs a ride gil then takes
ronnie's things while ronnie approaches
rey reminding her to trade her cough
ignoring him ray snaps that their
relationship isn't going to work
stopping her ronnie gives her a watch
that matches his so that they'll always
be thinking of each other whenever the
watch beeps rey could only cry while
ronnie tells her how much he loves her
and with that ronnie leaves to join the
army
as gil and ronnie leave ray tries
chasing after them but the truck speeds
up this leaves her falling to the ground
worrying for ronnie's life suddenly rey
grabs her stomach and legs in pain later
that day rey hooks up with tyrone a
local drug dealer after they finish rey
asks him for some money but tyrone
refuses and she isn't an escort but rey
insists on it tyrone then insults her
provoking ray to try to slap him but he
grabs her asking if she wants to play
rough after saying that she doesn't she
asks him to let her go tyrone obliges
then drives right to town the pain that
comes with watching the person you love
leave for the army is unfathomable
ronnie may be a brave man but rey must
have found him extremely stupid to go
and risk his life for the country then
again rey makes an extremely stupid and
reprehensible decision herself she could
have done dozens of things to keep her
busy and content while running is away
work somewhere get a hobby make friends
anything but hooking up with the biggest
guy in town still ray did just that and
she sells herself off like she never
knew what the meaning of love was as she
walks through town people try talking to
her but she only stops when she's passed
by her mother sandy after a while sandy
offers ray some help before ray leaves
her home that night rey attends a party
where one of her friends asks about
ronnie still mad rey answers that he
doesn't care about her and he chose to
leave despite her begging him not to a
few minutes later rey coughs hard so her
friend jess checks on her ray says she's
okay and jess offers her a drink as she
happily accepts she spots gill nearby
then when jess talks to some guy ray
approaches them and asks for some drugs
pain makes us do the sorriest things to
ourselves people can go through life
dealing with pain in their own misguided
ways until they die without ever knowing
what they should have done is there even
a right way to hurt all we know is that
if there is a wrong way then rey is
doing it she's just trying to get used
wasted anything that will keep her from
feeling the pain inside her after ronnie
left meanwhile lazarus speaks to rl
about his ex-wife telling him that he
never hurt her even while he was
drinking arl then invites lazarus to
pray asking the lord for strength and
understanding after that lazarus enters
a restaurant to meet his ex-wife rose
the two of them talk about how rose is
about to leave with her new man deke but
lazarus cuts her off saying that he
didn't agree to meet up with her just to
talk about her new life with deak rose
tells lazarus that she wants to feel
young and that there's more to do in
life lazarus tries telling her that
their marriage just needs to heal but
rose tells him straight up that she
doesn't love him anymore hearing this a
heartbroken lazarus stares blankly at
the table digesting rose's words when
rose stands up lazarus grabs her and
tells her to ask god for forgiveness for
what she has done to him she frees
herself from him then announces to him
and everyone else inside that she
doesn't care about them before leaving
later that day lazarus pays lincoln a
boy helping him out then invites him to
his house to give him some beans for his
family when lazarus arrives home he
climbs on his tractor and drives his
front yard staring at a small garden
built for rose then as he takes a hit
off of his cigarette lazarus runs over
the garden while looking on in
satisfaction speaking of pain here's
another person completely engulfed by
agony but how lazarus chooses to deal
with his pain is a little different he
wants to take things slow and try to
piece things back together until they're
whole again but his wife is wanting to
move on to greener pastures which she
sadly doesn't see in lazarus he tries to
move on with his life by destroying his
wife's garden it's better than punching
walls and breaking plates for sure
lazarus listens to the two talk for a
while before bo mentions lazarus's
musical past afterwards beau tells
lazarus that he trusts him to keep calm
inside the bar before they spot deke
walking to the counter deke then
approaches his brother lazarus saying
that he wants to make peace with him
before leaving with rose lazarus doesn't
believe a single word from him and quips
that he can't help ease dek's heart deak
then tells his brother that he loves him
but this only angus lazarus he smashes
his bottle against the counter before
pinning deek against the billiards table
lazarus demands deke to tell him that he
loves him again as he smashes his bottle
besides zeke's head cutting his hand in
the process seeing his wound lazarus
smear some blood onto deke's face before
exiting the bar in a lot of cases a
stranger stealing another man's wife is
basically signing his own death sentence
but deke lazarus's own flesh and blood
just took it to a whole other level as
if the phrase brothers before others
doesn't mean a thing his and rosa's
despicability aside he's also a complete
idiot forever thinking about making
peace with lazarus he's just lucky that
he has a brother who isn't as crazy as
he is as for rey she's still at the
party she's playing football with some
guys before she moves to the side to
take rest looking like she's about to
faint suddenly one of the guys takes
advantage of her and hooks up with her
after finishing he leaves rey passes out
there later a dazed and woozy ray wakes
up as gil finds her offering to take her
home on the road gill suddenly stops to
confront her about hooking up with
tyrone gill appears to be angry for
ronnie only to try to make a move on her
rey laughs telling gill that his manhood
isn't even half of tyrones insulted gail
punches right immediately knocking her
out he proceeds to kick her out of his
truck leaving her on the road her watch
beeps at the same time as ronnie's who
looks at his he thinks about ray as he
moves closer to the war if you look up
the word scumbag in the dictionary gil's
face would probably take up about half
the page so there's still enough room
for deacon rose
gill is a pathetic man desperate for any
form of validation in his life and with
what he did to rey it basically
explained why he's not getting any in
the morning rl calls lazarus saying that
he knows about what happened last night
between him and deak rl tells lazarus
that the people are there for him and
that he should only make himself present
lazarus agrees then hangs up the phone
and walks outside to throw away some
garbage when he finishes cleaning up he
notices rey's beaten body outside so he
immediately runs and gets her inside as
he lays her on the couch he tries asking
her questions but rey only mutters
tyrone's name still trying to make sense
of what rey said lazarus drives to town
to buy her medicine meanwhile back at
lazarus is home a man appears to visit
rey tearing her underwear off while
getting a lighter close to her but he
suddenly disappears when ray crawls
through the floor after being at the
pharmacy lazarus makes his way to tyrone
when they meet lazarus describes rey
then asks if he's ever gotten with her
and tyrone asks who hasn't according to
him if rey has a spare minute she'll
snatch up anybody tyrone then explains
that he doesn't like being rough with
her and since she's in his favor anyone
who messes with her has to deal with him
he goes on to mention that she has a
sickness that has her addicted to
hooking up leaving lazarus surprised as
he realizes that it wasn't tyrone who
hurt her lazarus is a good man that much
has been obvious from the get-go but his
kindness runs especially deep and it
shows with how he goes above and beyond
with trying to help rey he's not just
nursing her back to health he's also
trying to figure out who's at the bottom
of this to help her and through his
exchange with tyrone it also becomes
clear that there's still some care and
respect at play in his odd relationship
with rey and they say chivalry is dead
when lazarus gets back home he's
surprised to find rey on the floor he
approaches her and realizes that she has
a high fever he then reassures her that
he'll take care of her when suddenly ray
kisses him before screaming like a
possessed woman afraid lazarus grabs his
bible and runs outside as rey wails
inside his house calming himself down
lazarus walks back inside and prepares
an ice bath for rey to break her fever
later that night rey is in a daze as she
crawls out of lazarus house crying and
screaming for ronnie lazarus calls ray's
attention asking her to get inside but
rey panics and tries to run away lazarus
easily catches her and brings her inside
to lay her back on the couch ray tells
lazarus that he could sleep with her but
lazarus sings her to sleep instead after
that lazarus takes him change from his
shed and ties rey up with that he plays
as a guitar and sings the night away
with all the high octane events that had
transpired for rey and lazarus ending
the night with a song almost seems like
the most absurd thing that could have
happened with how normal and warming the
gesture is the next day rey wakes up and
asks how long she was out lazarus tells
her that it's been two days and that
she's only been waking up in spells when
asked about who beat her rey ignores
lazarus only asking about ronnie she
quickly remembers that he's gone so she
thanks him for taking care of her then
tries to leave lazarus tries stopping
her but as ray stands she sees the chain
attached to her agitated rey asks
lazarus what he's been doing to her and
why she's trained up after promising
that he never laid a hand on her lazarus
explains that she can only leave when he
believes she's ready ray tries telling
him that he could just sleep with her
but lazarus stops her insisting that he
aims to cure her from her wickedness now
panicking right calls him a jesus freak
who wants to screw the spirit into her
she then pushes lazarus off and runs
outside screaming for help however the
chain keeps her from going any further
lazarus follows and urges her to come
back into the house she eventually
submits and returns inside quickly
finishing some food lazarus gave her as
sweet and nice as lazarus is he really
needs to give out warnings before tying
and chaining someone up while they're
unconscious this easily takes off any
warning flags in rey's mind and just
waking up to this state after being out
cold for two days is enough to have
anyone praying to all existing deities
and maybe some made-up ones too though
lazarus truly means well for rey he
looks like a complete lunatic with
nothing but questionable intentions
later that afternoon after walking along
a field lazarus and rey talk while he
cleans her wounds lazarus then mentions
change emphasizing that she should start
changing her ways when it comes to
sleeping with other men as lazarus
continues to preach passionately about
rey's need for repentance he starts
gripping her tighter making rey kick him
away surprised lazarus stands up and
gives ray a glass of water apologizing
for his behavior as he gets her the
glass ray tries to seduce him again but
lazarus walks away and leaves afterwards
rey rests on the couch and tries freeing
herself again as she twirls around the
chains only surround her more eventually
she falls asleep while rey can't see it
lazarus only means to save her from
eternal damnation and although he's
dealing this in a preacher-like way this
eternal damnation also translates to
having your life on earth being
completely screwed up throughout
lazarus's life everything seemed like a
failure as he constantly faced trials
that tested his faith and values to his
limits now that he has found rey lazarus
sees her as a second chance to do some
good in this world and he's desperate to
see this through the next day lazarus
drives into town to pick up some clothes
for rey before heading to the pharmacy
inside lazarus speaks to the pharmacist
angela and repays her for helping with
ray by giving her some gifts before
returning home meanwhile back at lazarus
house rey wakes up and tries escaping
again but fails she then smokes a
cigarette and waits for lazarus to
arrive suddenly lincoln drops by
lazarus's house to ask for some beans
rey hears this and considers this to be
her chance to escape as she approaches
the door she remembers the man from her
vision making her move away with lincoln
entering the house rey sees him and
immediately removes her top then walks
to lincoln and kisses him outside
lazarus arrives catching lincoln and rey
as he opens the door lazarus then kicks
lincoln out before rl suddenly arrives
as well asking how lazarus is lazarus
turns him down telling aryl to leave and
threatening him with a gun aurel calls
lazarus bluff and grabs the gun away
from him promising that he's always been
there for lazarus as lazarus sighs he
lets rl peek inside the house and he's
surprised to see a half-naked rage
chained up there children some might
think that these innocent little things
are god's greatest gift to the world but
there are just times when the devil
works extra hard to sway them off all
lincoln wanted was some beans for his
family but his rival at lazarus house
gave him a bone to go with them r-l then
asks lazarus if he's crazy and tells him
that he's aware of the rumors
surrounding rey to this lazarus insists
that rey just needs to talk to someone
with some sense reluctantly accepting
this rl enters lazarus home to meet rey
she asks rl if he's a preacher before
asking why god would forgive someone who
hurts others and then let them into
heaven rl tells her that people talk too
much about heaven thinking that it's
easy to get in saying that he also sins
that there's evil in the world when he
has no one else to talk to he talks to
god asking for strength and forgiveness
so that he could do good for the rest of
his days rather than just praying to
enter heaven aurel then asks rey what
her heaven is sniffling rey tells him
that it's ronnie while lazarus is an
understanding man arl is on a completely
different level he maintains his
composure and treats rey without
judgment and sometimes that's really all
you need in life rey especially seeing
as she's in the throes of pain and
misery and being without ronnie only
magnifies that back in town a bus comes
up as ronnie walks down and spots gail's
truck by a bar ronnie enters the bar to
meet gil who's surprised to see ronnie
suddenly one of the patrons hermann
mentions how people from the army only
come home if they went through a
dishonorable discharge angered ronnie
tries to get to her and curse him but
gill stops ronnie gill then asks herman
to leave before asking ronnie why he's
back so soon ronnie tells him that he
was sent home for having severe anxiety
caused by loud noises making him unable
to shoot gill lightly jokes about it but
ronnie ignores gill and asks for rey
bill nervously tells him that she's
around but is still worried ronnie asks
gil if he'll tell him more if he knew
anything however gil just stares back at
him ronnie must be extremely
disappointed in himself imagine training
for months on end and deciding to
dedicate your life to serving the army
only to be sent home for having severe
anxiety and anxiety is one hell of a war
in on itself now that he's lost his
career as a soldier all ronnie wants to
do is come home to his beloved ray alas
things are clearly more complicated than
before later that night as music plays
on lazarus sets up dinner while rey
enters the room wearing her new dress he
compliments her before asking her if she
can cook anything she then starts
complaining about her chain and how she
feels like a dog inside the house but
lazarus tries calming her saying that he
knows that there's good inside of her he
then asks her to boil some water which
she does soon aryl and lincoln join them
and they pray together before eating
after finishing up at the bar ronnie and
guild head to ray's house finding no one
inside frustrated ronnie punches the
fridge before gill sits him down to calm
him with ronnie now shutting up about
rey gill gets annoyed he snaps at ronnie
asserting that he had a plan for himself
before he ruined it when he met rey back
in high school ronnie defensor telling
him that they supported each other no
matter what gill continues to scream at
ronnie but he keeps insisting that rey
has changed and that she's faithful to
him gil then tells ronnie how rey gives
herself to men every time ronnie is away
before adding that he doesn't even know
ronnie anymore soon enough a tearful
ronnie bursts rushing to gill and fights
him with ronnie pinning gill to the wall
he points a gun at him then throws him
outside after stealing the keys to his
truck he continues looking for rey for
some reason gil is trying to be a
so-called friend to ronnie while he's
not wrong about rey he's clearly a
hypocrite who isn't actually trying to
look out for ronnie in his relationship
he was so ready to pounce on rey and
even kept his where's rey charade up
until he couldn't handle it anymore
slightly insulted rey comments that
lazarus is still making jokes but
lazarus orders her to come closer he
then unlocks the chain attached to her
saying that he can't change anyone and
that people call the shots with how they
want to live their life when he offers
to drive right back to town she asks him
to play his guitar for her instead as
lazarus complies he tells the story of
how he wanted children but rose didn't
want them but now she's pregnant with
someone else's child he mentions that
rose lost her glow and now that he's all
alone lazarus can hear the black snake's
moan singing as the rain and thunder
come down outside suddenly ray sees the
man from her vision again scaring her as
the thunder roars louder rey moves
closer to lazarus and pleads with him to
continue the song lazarus obliges as he
continues while rey holds him still
remembering the man from her vision in
the morning lazarus drives ray back to
town before rey gets out of the car she
asks where lazarus will stay as she
nervously taps her fingers lazarus then
asks her if she is ready to leave and
she says yes with them getting off
lazarus reminds her that she can take
her time still ray walks off as lazarus
starts selling some of his produce
amidst the pain and depravity life keeps
plunging them into rey and lazarus
managed to find something so pure and
true in their relationship lazarus
always wanted a child and he found a
daughter in rey while rey who never had
anyone to protect and guide her found a
father in lazarus but as with all
families the child had to leave their
nest but there's a good deal in comfort
in knowing that no matter what the two
of them will always have each other
despite the briefness in their meeting
angela the pharmacist passes by and
greets him the two flirt around a little
bit laughing and keeping close to each
other rey heads to the pharmacy and
finds sandy putting tags on products
there as ray beats her sani asks what
happened to ray's face but ray makes an
excuse before inviting her for some
coffee sandy then just asks if she just
needs some money but rey offended asks
why they have to talk like this and
emphasizes that she's trying to be
different now however sandy turns her
down telling her where the makeup is
hearing this race stops and tells sandy
that she should have been there for her
frustrated her mother asks what she's
talking about this sets rey off and she
starts lashing out at her mother saying
that her mother should have kept that
man from touching her and doing whatever
he wanted to her when she was just a kid
with sandy grabbing her ray apologizes
for speaking up to her but she tells
sandy that she doesn't have to apologize
she just wants sandy to say how she knew
but sandy totally tells her that the
only thing that she is sorry for was
giving birth to her she even adds that
ray shouldn't blame her for everything
that's happened to her shocked rey
freezes for a moment then grabs a mot
beside her and starts wailing on her
mother telling susan that she's a liar
and that she just let her be mistreated
rey isn't asking for much here she's
hardly asking for anything at all the
broken and beaten up girl just wanted
her mother to acknowledge the torment
that she put her through to admit that
she liked some repulsive son of a gun
more than she liked her own daughter
that she let him touch her in ways that
children should never be touched but
susan couldn't even give her that she
refused to even think about the part she
played in messing her daughter up beyond
recognition back outside lazarus and
angela continue talking when lazarus
notices the commotion nearby he rushes
inside the pharmacy and finds reign
sobbing after what happened he then
carries her out ignoring angela's
questions about rey with that he leaves
to take rey home upon their arrival he
gives her a bath then rests still
thinking about what transpired that day
later lazarus walks out with his guitar
and together with rey they head to bo's
bar inside lazarus meets up with rl and
bo while rey finds herself a seat though
lazarus is nervous at first he still
joins the band and starts to play on
stage rey joyfully listens before she
joins the dancing in the bar while
lazarus and his band perform by the
window ronnie angrily watches as lazarus
ends his gig with everyone applauding
him the next day lazarus wakes up to rey
singing and playing his guitar after
joining her and asking about her song he
takes the guitar and plays the notes
while rey sings the words to her song as
the two go on ronnie slowly enters the
house with a gun in his hand he hits
lazarus on the head ronnie then
confronts ray telling her that gil told
him about what rey had been doing around
town after that lazarus starts standing
up daring ronnie to shoot him shaking
ronnie points his gun at lazarus while
lazarus gives him two options kill him
and prove that he's a man or leave the
house immediately as lazarus screams at
him one more time a still shaking run he
starts crying as he falls to the ground
reid comforts her boyfriend while
lazarus calls rl asking him to help with
the two like lazarus and rey ronnie
ronnie's just a good man who's dealt a
bad hand both life and their own cells
found a way of cracking at them tearing
them apart and hurriedly putting them
back together some parts are missing
some parts are put wrong so they found
themselves on the cusp of doing
something that they don't even want to
do ronnie for sure doesn't have it in
him to actually pull the trigger but his
amalgamations of emotions almost did him
in later rl arrives and talks to ronnie
and rey ronnie tells him about his plans
with her hesitantly he admits that ray
fixed him but he can't seem to fix her
aurel then asks rey about her spells
that she gets into letting rey open up
about her past trauma and how much she
loves ronnie afterwards she tells ronnie
how she really feels saying how messed
up they are and how she understands if
ron wants to leave rl asks the both of
them what they want to do and ronnie
just stares down deep in thought later
lazarus picks up angela from her home
and asks her for one more favor angela
agrees and writes with lazarus back to
his house as lazarus drives back lincoln
helps ronnie out with his tie as he
prepares his suit a few minutes later
angela calls lazarus and presents rey
ready to wed when he sees her lazarus
compliments her and they share a tender
moment as they embrace promising that
they'll always be there for each other
solutions don't always have to be
complicated they can be as simple as
acknowledging the love you have and
accepting that you never want to be
without that love again but sometimes
the timing and the feeling could be
right but no one's pushing you to do it
no one's helping you to see past the
dark that has you captive and luckily
for ray and ronnie they finally found
the people who gave them that well-timed
push into each other after a short while
lazarus brings raid to the altar ronnie
ties a small chain around rey and the
two are pronounced husband and wife with
that they have their first kiss in
marriage when the newlyweds drive away
in ronnie's car lazarus and angela hold
hands as they watch them leave along the
highway ronnie and ray are still happy
from their wedding until two trucks
block ronnie's path with his anxiety
settling in he starts panicking so he
pulls over ray notices this she's
reminded of her own trauma but this time
she manages to control herself by
remembering what lazarus did for her she
embraces ronnie singing her song from
earlier and comforting him as ronnie
starts calming down when love burns down
you should be able to find shelter in
your family when a family is destroyed
your love can be your only refuge but
for rey and lazarus they had neither
susan was a vile sinister and violent
mother one who doesn't need to do the
attacking or the assaulting to be
violent the way susan let a man touch
and mistreat her daughter when she was
so young is just as despicable as the
act itself this left scars on rey's
psyche scars that neither she nor ronnie
were able to heal and susan never even
tried so the pain kept festering and
festering worsening as rey lost her love
to the war even if temporarily and the
pain had her making horrible mistakes
for her own where she put herself at
risk where she disrespected the loving
ronnie had given her rey's been burdened
by deeply rooted trauma and agony that
kept tied a hold of her that kept
seeping in almost everything she did for
lazarus it was the pain of losing his
wife to the most unthinkable person his
own brother in one move he lost the two
families he had the one that was
connected by blood and the one he kept
alive through love and devotion they
made him look like a fool who was never
enough a fool who was somehow not worthy
to be the father of rose's child at that
point the world was basically spitting
in his face proclaiming that nothing
good will ever come of his life lazarus
could have waged war against the world
fighting back in any way he could but no
being older and most probably wiser
lazarus stood his ground and calmly
embraced his fate but this was never an
easy task and he certainly wasn't immune
to resenting everything life stood for
but lazarus tried and he tried even
harder for rey with how lazaruses and
rey's story ended one of the biggest
lessons that can be seen is the value of
just having someone there for you pain
drives us to do the worst things to
others and even ourselves it's a cold
black hole that sucks us in deeper and
deeper until we finally succumb to the
darkness of isolation and suffering
however having someone there to listen
and empathize with us is such a
beautiful and important thing this
understanding this companionship they're
precious things that we have as humans
but even if you have all these things
pain will always be there for you rey
and ronnie's happily ever after isn't
exactly an ever after even at the end
ronnie's anxiety ate away at him and rey
was struck by her own trauma and that's
life your problems don't just magically
go away because you made the decision to
pursue your happiness still love and
friendship will always be there to help
you see the pain through until you can
find the strength to rise back up and
continue the fight
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching